So a lot of talking about environment variables and keys and so on.
Let's now build our app for production.
And what does this actually mean.
Well 40 react app for the front end.
You have to keep in mind that this will run entirely in the browsers of your users.
Here it is running locally on low closed three thousand during development and everything we do here
is of course controlled by a script which in the end is downloaded.
When we reload this page here and we go to the Network tab we see there are a bunch of HP requests and
for example this bundle J has fallen.
This is 0 chunk chars file.
This isn't yet our ReACT code which is getting downloaded from the back backend so all the react code
runs in the browser and everyone there can see it.
You can access it from the sources tab through the Network tab.
If you inspect the responses of the requests and so on.
So this is not hidden code.
So since this does run directly in the browsers of our visitors we have two important things to keep
in mind.
For one we of course as I mentioned multiple times need to ensure that we have no confidential data
and there are API key here is fine but we might consider locking it down.
As I showed it to you in the last lecture.
The second important thing to keep in mind of course is that we want to make this code as small as possible
because having smaller code simply means that our users have to download less and hence the application
starts up quicker.
So we simply provide a better user experience.
Now for that we have a convenient script NPM run build if you execute this will build your application
and whilst during development your code is not optimized it has a lot of debugging supporting code in
it when you run NPM run build everything which is not necessary will be stripped out.
Function and variable names will be shortened and you will get as small of a code bundle as possible.
So let's run NPM run build here in the front end and let's wait for this process to finish.
Now once this did finish with this message here you also get some metrics about the sizes of the different
bundles it produced and you will find a build folder a brand new build folder which contains all the
files you would in the end deploy to a back backend.
These are in the end the files that you want to push to a server.
Now we're not entirely there yet though.
For one we didn't swap our variables here for the values you we want to use in production.
So that's not great.
We of course want to do that right.
Otherwise we have a problem here.
The second problem we have is we didn't really prepare our app entirely for production in the public
folder in the index edged him out file.
You can revisit some setting steer for example set a different description of your web page as it will
appear on Google search for example check all these settings in general make sure if you want to use
that fav icon or if you want to provide your own one you can also delete does manifest.
Jason import file here and also the manifest Jason File if you want to if you're building a progressive
web app you might need that.
Otherwise it's up to you if you want to add this or not so once this is done the rest of his files will
be fine.
Let's focus on the environment variables to provide different values for this production Bill.
So for building the files which we want to move to a server we copy it this file and name it Dot and
Dot production our ReACT build workflow here will automatically pick up this file when we build for
production with NPM run build and we'll use the value set up in there instead of these values.
So now we can provide different values here.
And for example in the case of the Google API key we could use the second key here which is our production
ready API key let's say and swap our development one for this one.
So now we're using that now for the you or else we don't know yet where exactly our back end will be
served.
Right.
Because we haven't deployed to back into any server yet.
So we'll leave them like this for the moment but I will revisit this later once we deployed the back
and now one last thing you might want to consider for optimizing your front then for production is code
splitting.
So let me come back to that in the next lecture.